but this time is on the legs yeah last
time I talked about their thermal bubble
for the tummy if you miss that out i
will link it down the info bar below so
that you can check it out yourself but
today I want to focus on the lips areas
yeah and this one is called five degree
up lower slim so moja so as a gel format
and for me having toned up like it's
very important because I do tend to wear
a lot of shots in summer because it's so
hot and the sun is shining through now
and I just like nice looking legs yeah
who doesn't anyway and I do a lot of
stretching on my legs and if you're
interested tell me I can show you some
video booths and tell you guys what I do
and what exercise would help to tone it
up a little bit but um I don't think
that process is fast enough though and
I'm a really hard time per person so I
was like yeah let's use something to
help accelerate that process right so I
use this and I've been using it for
three weeks and I start to see results
and that's what I want to tell you guys
about it and let's get started because i
want to show you this is how the product
looks like as in a tube and i use it in
the morning and at night as well and you
squeeze it out it's like a cream and see
they're like orange and yellow particles
in it but it's not a scrub once you put
it on your skin as kind of disappear so
you basically rub it on imagine this is
a liquid you rub it on your size yeah
that's how I do it and you're kind of in
an upward motion like like this yeah
like this until it's totally absorb and
again after tonight
start to heat up and actually this guy
he's up a lot better than the tummy one
the tummy one is not that hot but this
one you will feel it it's actually hot
and it's not to the point that is
uncomfortable but it's just hot you know
and um yeah it gets episodes really
easily as well so don't worry after like
maybe 30 seconds review wrap it on it
actually absorbed into the skin so it
moles they got your clothes and stuff
like that and I like how how hot it is
actually because i feel that is actually
working and after like two to three
weeks i start to see that my size is
more toned up not stream up but toned up
like leg you know title yeah if you know
what i mean and i just like the fact
that it's working together with my
stretching and stuff and it actually
helps me to have torn up like a lot
faster than just stretching itself and i
really really like the product and i say
it's very convenient to use and it
claims to burn for 19 minutes and yeah i
say it does i think it does because i
usually feel the heat most intensive
heat in the first hour and then the next
study set at 30 minutes it's kind of
like dies down too and I was like pretty
amazed with how long it hits up and you
can put this on your lower legs as well
if that's your target area but for me
it's more of my size because my size is
kind of huge so how about I told it up
and yeah if you want to find something
to accelerate the slimming process for
your legs particularly and I would I
would really recommend this but might
you
I don't say is product that actually
slim up like slim you up from a size 10
to size small right so you still have to
watch what you eat and you still have to
work out but these products just help
you to get a little bit faster so don't
just rely on the product and still work
out still do what you do still watch
what you eat but you can use the product
to help you achieve your dream a little
bit faster I hope this video helps you
and yeah I have to go wash my hands now
so see you next time bye